Create getting started with triggers (#458)
tektoncd/website: content/en/docs/Getting Started/triggers.md

<!--
---
title: "Getting Started with Triggers"
linkTitle: "Getting Started with Triggers"
weight: 3
description: >
  Create and run your first Tekton Trigger.
---
-->

This tutorial shows you how to

+   Install Tekton Triggers.
+   Create a Trigger Template.
+   Create a Trigger Bind.
+   Create an Event Listener.

This guide uses a local cluster with [minikube][].

## Before you begin

1.  Complete the two previous Getting Started tutorials: [Tasks][gs-tasks] and
    [Pipelines][gs-pipelines]. *Do not clean up your resources*, skip the last
    section.

1.  Install [curl][] if it's not already available on your system.

## Overview

You can use Tekton Triggers to modify the behavior of your CI/CD Pipelines
depending on external events. The basic implementation you are going to create
in this guide comprises three main components:

1.  An `EventListener` object that listens to the world waiting for "something"
    to happen.

> 1.  When an event happens, the  Event Listener passes the information
>     associated with that event on to a `TriggerBinding` object, which in turn
>     encodes the information into variables that are then passed on to a
>     `TriggerTemplate` object.
> 
> 1.  The `TriggerTemplate` object uses the variables to instantiate and run a
>     Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  A `TriggerTemplate` object configuring the resources, such as PipelineRuns, that will be created when this event occurs.

1.  `TriggerBindings`, which pass event data to the resources created by the `TriggerTemplate`.
```

Author: Reworded a bit, to keep the info confined to this example.

![Triggers flow diagram](/images/TriggerFlow.svg)

An optional `ClusterInterceptor` object can be added to validate and process

> data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event data.
```

Author: Done

    ```

    This declares that when an event is detected, it will run the Trigger
    Binding and the Trigger Template.

1.  Event Listeners require a service account to run. To create the service
    account for this example create a file named `rbac.yaml` and add the
    following:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ServiceAccount
    metadata:
      name: tekton-robot
    ---
    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
    kind: RoleBinding
    metadata:
      name: triggers-example-eventlistener-binding
    subjects:
    - kind: ServiceAccount
      name: tekton-robot
    roleRef:
      apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
      kind: ClusterRole
      name: tekton-triggers-eventlistener-roles
    ---
    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
    kind: ClusterRoleBinding
    metadata:
      name: triggers-example-eventlistener-clusterbinding
    subjects:
    - kind: ServiceAccount
      name: tekton-robot
      namespace: default
    roleRef:
      apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
      kind: ClusterRole
      name: tekton-triggers-eventlistener-clusterroles
    ```

    For now think about this part as an implementation detail for this tutorial.

>     You don't have to understand what's going on in this file.

Reviewer: I'd give a quick summary of what these roles are actually for. I wouldn't want a tutorial to tell me to give a service account unknown permissions and think of it as an implementation detail, since I wouldn't know what the security implications are.

Author: I'm trying to avoid extra cognitive load in this introductory tutorial. The user can complete the tutorial without having to learn about security implications for now. The rationale behind this is [this point](https://diataxis.fr/tutorials/#offer-only-minimum-necessary-explanation) in the docs framework we are following.

Reviewer: Maybe you could say "This step allows the eventlistener to create pipelineruns?"
